Enhance and refactor project to a simpler and customizable direction (#50)
Ilshidur/action-slack: README.md

### Environment variables

* **`SLACK_WEBHOOK`** **(required)**: the Slack webhook URL (see https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks).
* **`SLACK_USERNAME`** *(optional)* : overrides username. Defaults to the Slack webhook bot name.
* **`SLACK_CHANNEL`** *(optional)* : overrides the default channel of the webhook. If not set, the message will be sent to the channel associated to the webhook.

> * **`SLACK_AVATAR`** *(optional)* : overrides the message avatar. Can be (repository, sender or an URL) If not set, the avatar of the slack webhook's bot picture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`SLACK_AVATAR`** *(optional)* : overrides the message avatar. Can be `'repository'`, `'sender'` or an URL. If not set, the avatar of the Slack webhook's bot picture will be used.
```
